TESTING.md, before:

# Flame Masters | Testing

Link for the finished deployed site: LINK

AMIRESPONSIVE IMAGE

# Table of Contents

- [Flame Masters | Testing](#flamemasters--testing)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Testing Tools](#testing-tools)
  - [W3C Validator](#w3c-validator)
  - [CSS Validator](#css-validator)
    - [JavaScript Validator](#javascript-validator)
    - [Python Validator](#python-validator)
    - [Lighthouse Report](#lighthouse-report)
- [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
- [Bugs](#bugs)
  - [Known Bugs](#known-bugs)
  - [Fixed bugs](#fixed-bugs)

# Testing Tools

## W3C Validator

[W3C](https://validator.w3.org/) was used to validate the HTML code across all pages of the website.
Due to the django templating, pasting directly from the code was not possible.
Instead the source code via the browser was used to test these and directly input into the validator.

TABLE OF TESTING

## CSS Validator

[Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) was used to validate the CSS code across all possible pages of the website.

TABLE OF TESTING

All other pages required login which was not handled by the validator via the url
Most of the pages are utilising Bootstrap for styling, however the custom css from style.css was input manually and passed with no errors:

IMAGE OF TESTING

### JavaScript Validator

[JShint](https://jshint.com/) was used to validate the JavaScript on the site.
DETAILS ON TESTING

### Python Validator

The [Code Institute Python Linter](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/) was used to validate the python code written on the project

DETAILS ON TESTING

### Lighthouse Report

DETAILS ON LIGHTHOUSE TESTING

TABLE ON TESTING

# Manual Testing

A range of devices were used to test the site.

* OnePlus 7T Pro (Firefox, chrome, opera)
* MAC: MacBook Pro 14-inch 2021 (Mac OS Ventura 13.6.2) (Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
* LENOVO Tab P11 11.5" Tablet (Chrome, Firefox)

[Browserstack](https://www.browserstack.com/) was also used to test on the following devices:

* iPhone 15 (Chrome, Safari)
* iPhone 12 mini (Chrome, Safari)
* Samsung s23 (Chrome, Firefox)
* iPad 10th (Chrome, Safari)

DETAILS ON EDITS MADE FROM TESTING HERE

TABLE OF TESTED FEATURES

# Bugs

## Known Bugs

KNOWN BUGS HERE

## Fixed bugs

All resolved bugs are listed on the [kanban board for the project] (LINK HERE)

Commit message:

Update TESTING.md with HTML, CSS and JavaScript testing details

TESTING.md, after:

# Flame Masters | Testing

Link for the finished deployed site: [FlameMasters](https://flame-masters-f04a2ade371e.herokuapp.com/)

![Amiresponsive image](readme-images/amiresponsive.png)

# Table of Contents

- [Flame Masters | Testing](#flamemasters--testing)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Testing Tools](#testing-tools)
  - [W3C Validator](#w3c-validator)
  - [CSS Validator](#css-validator)
    - [JavaScript Validator](#javascript-validator)
    - [Python Validator](#python-validator)
    - [Lighthouse Report](#lighthouse-report)
- [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
- [Bugs](#bugs)
  - [Known Bugs](#known-bugs)
  - [Fixed bugs](#fixed-bugs)

# Testing Tools

## W3C Validator

[W3C](https://validator.w3.org/) was used to validate the HTML code across all pages of the website.
Due to the django templating, pasting directly from the code was not possible.
Instead the source code via the browser was used to test these and directly input into the validator.
Several changes were made to resolve any errors found


## CSS Validator

[Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) was used to validate the CSS code across all possible pages of the website.

| Page     | Pass/Fail |
| -------- | --------- |
| Homepage | Pass      |
| Products | Pass      |
| Contact  | Pass      |
| Login    | Pass      |
| Cart     | Pass      |

All other pages required login which was not handled by the validator via the url
Most of the pages are utilising Bootstrap for styling, however the custom css from style.css was input manually and passed with no errors:

**base.css**
![base css](readme-images/base-css.png)

**checkout.css**
![checkout css](readme-images/checkout-css.png)

**profile.css**
![profile css](readme-images/profile-css.png)

### JavaScript Validator

[JShint](https://jshint.com/) was used to validate the JavaScript on the site.

Javascript from the following templates/files were tested:
* cart.html
* stripe_elements.js
* products.html
* quantity_input_script.html
* countryfield.js

All passed through the validators.
Most showed errors for undefined variables or unused variables, but these are coming from the HTML that is not seen by the validator

### Python Validator

The [Code Institute Python Linter](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/) was used to validate the python code written on the project

DETAILS ON TESTING

### Lighthouse Report

DETAILS ON LIGHTHOUSE TESTING

TABLE ON TESTING

# Manual Testing

A range of devices were used to test the site.

* OnePlus 7T Pro (Firefox, chrome, opera)
* MAC: MacBook Pro 14-inch 2021 (Mac OS Ventura 13.6.2) (Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
* LENOVO Tab P11 11.5" Tablet (Chrome, Firefox)

[Browserstack](https://www.browserstack.com/) was also used to test on the following devices:

* iPhone 15 (Chrome, Safari)
* iPhone 12 mini (Chrome, Safari)
* Samsung s23 (Chrome, Firefox)
* iPad 10th (Chrome, Safari)

DETAILS ON EDITS MADE FROM TESTING HERE

TABLE OF TESTED FEATURES

# Bugs

## Known Bugs

KNOWN BUGS HERE

## Fixed bugs

All resolved bugs are listed on the [kanban board for the project] (LINK HERE)
